README.md, before:

# Kitty Finder

## My own JavaScript Memory Game (yay!)

Since I started to learn JavaScript I wanted to make this game, as it's my FAVOURITE GAME EVER✨

![kittyfinder-hq](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112966265/217516319-666e0a61-fce9-49d1-87e7-1c03c5fe3157.gif)

I remember we used to play it a lot at Granny's house on summer afternoons when where not allowed to go to the swimming pool until 2 hours have passed from lunch (and because outside it was pobably 40 degrees, this is Spain).
Anyway, I love this game and I really wanted to build it with JavaScript.

## Don't know how to play?

No problem. Here's a little guide:

- Cards are upside down, in this case you have 12 cards, that are actually 6 pairs of different designs.
- You basically need to find the matching card.
- In each turn you are allowed to flip two cards, if they don't match, they'll flip back again, if you find a match they'll dissapear from the grid.

As you can see, it's a really simple game.
(at least this one that only has 12 cards, at Granny's we had to find matches between like a hundred...)

## Kitty Finder?

As you might already know, I'm a cat lover, so I decided to call it _Kitty Finder_ and use cute little cats illustrations from [canva](https://www.canva.com/) to design the cards and I also used it to create the _application working_ gif that you have on the top of this README.

![kittyfinder](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112966265/217518490-441aa486-ea4b-43ce-ae5c-21f99b9ff720.png)
![kitty2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112966265/217518590-4fc092a7-852a-4144-be7a-397920d4b958.png)

![kitty6](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112966265/217518641-8c7f2df6-e0cd-4eee-a4ff-838012c236ee.png)
![kitty1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112966265/217518662-ddc695d5-2e80-44b0-8bc2-d6b02a0b60cf.png)

## Tecnologies

I used [this tutorial from freecodecamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/learn-javascript-by-building-7-games-video-course/) to make it happen.

It's built with HTML5, CSS3 and Vanilla JavaScript.

I'm still not convinced that when two cards match, they go away and leave a blank space (we used to leave them up) so I might change that.
I'd also like to add a restart button so users don't have to refresh their browser in order to start playing again.

I had a really nice time bulding it (specially testing it, I really like this game) and learnt a lot.

⚡️[You can play it here](https://ceciperiquet.github.io/javascript-memory-game/)⚡️

I hope you enjoy it and please let me know what you think (feedback it's always welcome ❣️)

Commit message:

Update Readme and font sizes

README.md, after:

# Kitty Finder

## My own JavaScript Memory Game (yay!)

Since I started to learn JavaScript I wanted to make this game, as it's my FAVOURITE GAME EVER✨

![kittyfinder-hq](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112966265/217516319-666e0a61-fce9-49d1-87e7-1c03c5fe3157.gif)

I remember we used to play it a lot at Granny's house on summer afternoons when where not allowed to go to the swimming pool until 2 hours have passed from lunch (and because outside it was pobably 40 degrees, this is Spain).
Anyway, I love this game and I really wanted to build it with JavaScript.

## Don't know how to play?

No problem. Here's a little guide:

- Cards are upside down, in this case you have 12 cards, that are actually 6 pairs of different designs.
- You basically need to find the matching card.
- In each turn you are allowed to flip two cards, if they don't match, they'll flip back again, if you find a match they'll dissapear from the grid.

As you can see, it's a really simple game.
(at least this one that only has 12 cards, at Granny's we had to find matches between like a hundred...)

## Kitty Finder?

As you might already know, I'm a cat lover, so I decided to call it _Kitty Finder_ and use cute little cats illustrations from [canva](https://www.canva.com/) to design the cards and I also used it to create the _application working_ gif that you have on the top of this README.

![kittyfinder](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112966265/217518490-441aa486-ea4b-43ce-ae5c-21f99b9ff720.png)
![kitty2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112966265/217518590-4fc092a7-852a-4144-be7a-397920d4b958.png)

![kitty6](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112966265/217518641-8c7f2df6-e0cd-4eee-a4ff-838012c236ee.png)
![kitty1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112966265/217518662-ddc695d5-2e80-44b0-8bc2-d6b02a0b60cf.png)

## Tecnologies

I used [this tutorial from freecodecamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/learn-javascript-by-building-7-games-video-course/) to make it happen.

It's built with HTML5, CSS3 and Vanilla JavaScript.

I'm still not convinced that when two cards match, they go away and leave a blank space (we used to leave them up) so I might change that.

\*Update: I just added a restart button so users don't have to refresh their browser in order to start playing again (I was thinking of it but after your feedback I thought it was kind of urgent so did it).

I had a really nice time bulding it (specially testing it, I really like this game) and learnt a lot.

⚡️[You can play it here](https://ceciperiquet.github.io/javascript-memory-game/)⚡️

I hope you enjoy it and please let me know what you think (feedback it's always welcome ❣️)
